Add dotnet docs (#7474)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/dotnet/metrics/getting-started-aspnetcore.md

(5,10]:0
(10,25]:0
(25,50]:0
(50,75]:0
(75,100]:0
(100,250]:0
(250,500]:0
(500,750]:0
(750,1000]:0
(1000,2500]:0
(2500,5000]:0
(5000,7500]:0
(7500,10000]:0
(10000,+Infinity]:0
```

Congratulations! You are now collecting metrics from your ASP.NET Core
application using OpenTelemetry.

## How it works

### OpenTelemetry Registration

The application registers OpenTelemetry services using the dependency injection
container provided by ASP.NET Core:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetry()
    .ConfigureResource(resource => resource
        .AddService(serviceName: builder.Environment.ApplicationName))
    .WithMetrics(metrics => metrics
        .AddAspNetCoreInstrumentation()
        .AddConsoleExporter((exporterOptions, metricReaderOptions) =>
        {
            metricReaderOptions.PeriodicExportingMetricReaderOptions.ExportIntervalMilliseconds = 1000;
        }));
```

This code:

1. Adds OpenTelemetry to the service collection with `AddOpenTelemetry()`
2. Configures a resource with service information using `ConfigureResource()`
3. Sets up metrics collection with `WithMetrics()`
4. Adds automatic instrumentation for ASP.NET Core with
   `AddAspNetCoreInstrumentation()`

> 5. Configures the console exporter to export metrics every 1000 milliseconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Configures the console exporter to export metrics every second
```
